CISC 3300 SP24 
Homework 1 
1. What is HTML? What does it do?
HTML (Hyper Text Markup Language) is a markup language that defines the layout and presentation of text and images in digital documents. HTML structures and formats documents, specifying how various elements are rendered on webpages.

2. Access https://www.fordham.edu/. In your own words, describe how this webpage uses structure to convey meaning and navigation options to the user. 
The webpage displays the school’s name in the largest font size, emphasizing the primary subject of which all information revolves around. Navigation bars are set against the backdrop of a picture of the campus, with hovers on any main option, like “About” or “Mission,” illuminating dropdown menus tackling even more specific topics. Upon scrolling down, the visitor is greeted with options that are now categorized by boxes, such as “Explore Programs,” which demarcates information into bite-sized pieces for readability. Truly important information – mainly a video introduction to the school – is characterized by its occupation of a big chunk of space, emphasizing its importance. Size is again used in signifying importance in the categorization of news, with the most important being on the left and occupying more space, while other headlines are grouped in a collage to the right. Another stylistic choice featured by the website features the user-dependent scrolling of a horizontal calendar, which delineates events occurring on the specific day. All in all, the website’s usability is a result of its use of clearly defined regions and breakdown of information into palatable sizes.

3. What is an HTML element? Tag? Attribute? 
An HTML element is a building block of webpages, comprising start and end tags along with content between them. HTML elements provide structure to a webpage by helping a web browser in the interpretation of HTML documents. 
Tags act like containers, with opening and closing components, transforming the content between its opening and closing when the HTML document is interpreted.
Attributes provide additional information about the contents of an element, appearing inside the opening tag of an element and comprising a name and value.

4. What does it mean when an element has semantic meaning? And structural meaning? 
An element with semantic meaning conveys meaning by their type while not necessarily affecting the structure of a page; e.g. <strong> shows an element has strong importance and emboldens the text. An element with structural meaning innately impacts the structure of a webpage while not necessarily conveying meaning; e.g. <b> emboldens a text while not exactly relaying the importance of the element to the webpage.

5. What is the default behavior when submitting a HTML form? 
The default behavior of an HTML form uses the get attribute, in which the values from the form are attached to the end of the URL specified in the action attribute of the form.

